readme.md, before:

# 🐤 Aakash Singh Rajput - Profile Website
![Portfolio Screenshot](./portfolio_website.png)
### Portfolio Website Link: https://aakash4dev.com

Welcome to my personal portfolio website! I'm **Aakash Singh Rajput**, a senior blockchain developer at Airchains who is passionate about pushing the boundaries of **cryptography and decentralized technologies**. My work revolves around **Fully Homomorphic Encryption (FHE), Zero-Knowledge Proofs (ZK), and Cosmos**, with a strong focus on **scalability, security, and real-world blockchain applications** using **Go and Rust**.

## 🌍 About Me

I specialize in:

- Blockchain & Smart Contracts (**Solidity, Rust, Cosmos SDK**)
- Cryptographic Research (**FHE and ZK technologies**)
- Developing scalable and secure blockchain solutions
- Full Stack Web Development with **Next.js** and **Tailwind CSS**

I thrive on transforming **complex ideas into powerful, user-friendly, and secure blockchain solutions**. Whether it's designing cutting-edge protocols, optimizing cryptographic computations, or diving deep into Web3, I love building at the intersection of **technology, security, and innovation**.

## 🚀 Technologies Used

This website is built using the following languages and frameworks:

- **Next.js** (React framework for building server-side rendered and static web applications)
- **Tailwind CSS** (Utility-first CSS framework for rapidly building custom designs)
- **TypeScript and JavaScript**
- **Node.js and npm**
- **v0.dev** (used to quickly generate most components and structure)

### 📌 Run Locally

To run this website locally, use the following commands:

```bash
npm i --legacy-peer-deps  # or `npm i --force` 
npm run dev
```

### ⚖️ License & Usage

Anyone is free to use, modify, and redistribute this code to create their own portfolio website. There are no copyright restrictions.

## 🌐 Connect with Me

- **GitHub:** [github.com/aakash4dev](https://github.com/aakash4dev)
- **Blog:** [medium.com/@aakash4dev](https://medium.com/@aakash4dev)
- **Twitter:** [@aakash4dev](https://twitter.com/aakash4dev)
- **Instagram:** [@aakash4dev](https://www.instagram.com/aakash4dev)
- **LinkedIn:** [linkedin.com/in/aakash4dev](https://www.linkedin.com/in/aakash4dev/)

🔥 Always excited to collaborate on cutting-edge blockchain projects and explore innovations in Web3. Feel free to connect—let's build the future together!

---

© 2025 Aakash Singh Rajput

Commit message:

refactor: Stabilize dependencies and update docs
- Refactored `package.json` to eliminate the need for the `--legacy-peer-deps` flag.
- Downgraded React to v18 to resolve peer dependency conflicts.
- Pinned all dependencies to specific versions to ensure a stable and reproducible build.
- Updated `readme.md` to reflect the new installation instructions.

readme.md, after:

# 🐤 Aakash Singh Rajput - Profile Website
![Portfolio Screenshot](./portfolio_website.png)
### Portfolio Website Link: https://aakash4dev.com

Welcome to my personal portfolio website! I'm **Aakash Singh Rajput**, a senior blockchain developer at Airchains who is passionate about pushing the boundaries of **cryptography and decentralized technologies**. My work revolves around **Fully Homomorphic Encryption (FHE), Zero-Knowledge Proofs (ZK), and Cosmos**, with a strong focus on **scalability, security, and real-world blockchain applications** using **Go and Rust**.

## 🌍 About Me

I specialize in:

- Blockchain & Smart Contracts (**Solidity, Rust, Cosmos SDK**)
- Cryptographic Research (**FHE and ZK technologies**)
- Developing scalable and secure blockchain solutions
- Full Stack Web Development with **Next.js** and **Tailwind CSS**

I thrive on transforming **complex ideas into powerful, user-friendly, and secure blockchain solutions**. Whether it's designing cutting-edge protocols, optimizing cryptographic computations, or diving deep into Web3, I love building at the intersection of **technology, security, and innovation**.

## 🚀 Technologies Used

This website is built using the following languages and frameworks:

- **Next.js** (React framework for building server-side rendered and static web applications)
- **Tailwind CSS** (Utility-first CSS framework for rapidly building custom designs)
- **TypeScript and JavaScript**
- **Node.js and npm**
- **v0.dev** (used to quickly generate most components and structure)

### 📌 Run Locally

To run this website locally, use the following commands:

```bash
npm i
npm run dev
```

**Note:** The project dependencies have been pinned to specific versions to ensure stability and avoid peer dependency conflicts. You no longer need to use the `--legacy-peer-deps` or `--force` flag.

### ⚖️ License & Usage

Anyone is free to use, modify, and redistribute this code to create their own portfolio website. There are no copyright restrictions.

## 🌐 Connect with Me

- **GitHub:** [github.com/aakash4dev](https://github.com/aakash4dev)
- **Blog:** [medium.com/@aakash4dev](https://medium.com/@aakash4dev)
- **Twitter:** [@aakash4dev](https://twitter.com/aakash4dev)
- **Instagram:** [@aakash4dev](https://www.instagram.com/aakash4dev)
- **LinkedIn:** [linkedin.com/in/aakash4dev](https://www.linkedin.com/in/aakash4dev/)

🔥 Always excited to collaborate on cutting-edge blockchain projects and explore innovations in Web3. Feel free to connect—let's build the future together!

---

© 2025 Aakash Singh Rajput
